# Self-Assessment

### Self Assessment 

It is hard to believe it has already been 24 weeks and the bootcamp is finished!  We just presented on Monday Night and I think we nailed it.  I initially took on the square role as I basically volunteered for it.  When we first broke out into our groups the first time I set up the GitHub for us.  When we later learned the roles, we found out this is exactly what the square role does.  Over the next few weeks for our project, I helped Wilfred a good bit with the data cleanup.  This was such a challenging task as you will see it under our "shattered dreams" folder.  The majority of the time I helped with the data, and also lended assistance to Raquel and Noor with the dashboard and the Machine Learning Model.  I helped test them to make sure they were workign properly and to become familar with them.  My greatest challenge throughout this was probably two parts.  The first was the technical part of trying to gather all the data from the Ali Express API's.  Secondly was the actual presentation and overcoming my nerves to deliver a smooth flowing presentation as I went first.  

### Team Assessment 

The team will communicate two times a week on Monday and Wednesday evenings to report their progress and any issues they have encountered. Team can communicate more this is just the bare minimum needed to stay on task. Team members will let others know via Slack when they have completed tasks and uploaded assignments.  I definitely think our teams greatest strength was communication and being open with each other.  Initially I was not looking forward to the project as it seemed like a daunting task.  After meeting my teammates for the first time within minutes we were laughing and my fears were put at ease.  We communicated so well throughout this project and never let any team member feel like they were left on an island.  I had such a blast this past month working with Wilfred, Noor, and Raquel.

### Project Purpose  

The purpose of our project is to use product feedback on women's clothing from e-commerce websites to determine whether or not the products you are looking to buy are in fact a good product. We used data pulled from Kaggle to create a database on PGAdmin, pulled the csv files, ran an NLP pipeline and used the Naive-Bayes model with machine leraning to determine whether or not the product is worth purchasing.  The model only had an accuracy score of 50%, we believe this was because we could not use the entire csv file because it was too large.  In the future, we believe using a larger data set would have increase the accuracy of our model.  We were very happy with the final product.
